BN Rules Update: Adding minimum activity (#6835)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/People/The_Team/Beatmap_Nominators/Rules/en.md

## Activity

> - **Activity requirements for your respective gamemode(s) must be met.** Activity over the last 90 days will be checked on the first day of each month and during regular BN evaluations, taking into account any leave of absence communicated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Activity requirements for your respective game mode(s) must be met.** Activity over the last 90 days will be checked on the first day of each month and during regular BN evaluations, taking into account any leave of absence communicated.
```

>   - **Falling below 60 days worth of nominations in a 90 day period will result in a removal when activity is checked**. For example, an osu! BN with less than 6 nominations in a 90 day period will be removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Falling below 60 days worth of nominations in a 90 day period will result in a removal when activity is checked.** For example, an osu! BN with less than 6 nominations in a 90 day period will be removed.
```

  - **Falling below the 90 day requirements with more than 60 days worth of nominations will result in an activity warning.** 

>   - When warned for activity, minimum activity requirements for your respective gamemode(s) must be met over the course of one month. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - When warned for activity, minimum activity requirements for your respective game mode(s) must be met over the course of one month. 
```
